# teachingPlatform

Group: ST-2102 <br>
Participants: Kuzbakova Kamilla, Tashenov Abzal, Baurzhanova Amiliya <br>
Instructor: Alshynov Shyngys <br>
Project Arrangements <br>
Project Proposal <br>
a.	Kazakhstan's online learning environment is currently underdeveloped. There are only two domestic ones: iTest and Bilimland, both of which are state-run programs. It will be complicated for people who want to work as individual entrepreneur to find a suitable platform for teaching children, so we decided to build their own, where they will be able to conduct live lessons, add assessments, and check homework on an interactive "teacher-student" platform.
The second issue that inspired us to start our project is the lack of access to free, high-quality education for those who do not have the means to obtain it but want to. <br>
b.	As of now, there are currently two major educational Kazakhstani websites: iTest and Bilimland, both of which are sponsored by the government. Although both of these resources offer wide range of educational materials on every subject possible, our team believes that they do not provide feedback, that is crucial for most of the students. We believe that an excellent teaching platform should offer thorough and detail work assessment. Secondly, due to the fact that Bilimland and iTest have paid learning materials (Fig.1), it makes them inaccessible for some students. We think that education should not be exchanged for currency, as education falls under the basic rights of every human being. The topic of how we will carry out our work - we have three options: 1) seek funding as a new business (start up &vsponsorship)
                       2) work on the basis of donations to support the project
                       3) advertise in a way that is both attractive and non-intrusive to our target audience. <br>
This will be the primary competitive advantage in Kazakhstan's market for similar educational platforms. <br>
Thirdly, analyzing user reviews for both of these websites, we noticed that most of the reports state how poorly some of the materials are written. Personally, we studied online on the Bilim-Land platform, and we can say from experience that the video lessons are rather boring and incomprehensible for children. As a result, we sought additional explanation from our school teachers in an inconvenient format, such as a WhatsApp chat, where the teacher could have simply missed our message due to the influx of students, and we received a late response. <br>
For the reason that our platform is like open-source, the student will be able to discover an explanation of his topic in a variety of ways, which will be understandable to him. We'll also strive to build a feedback tab so students may get their questions answered online. <br>
In conclusion, our team wants to fix issues that are mentioned in this segment by introducing our version of educational platform, that will be as interactive and as immersive as possible, and that will be free of charge. <br>
c.	Because this is a charity initiative, the primary target audience will be children and adults who are unable to acquire a quality education due to a variety of factors such as financial constraints, lack of access to excellent education due to geography, and so on.
Moreover, our aimed at various teachers, who want to publish their material on an educational platform, provide different assignments, give feedback, and conduct live sessions with students all over the country. <br>
Finally, it is directed at ordinary students, who want to study on an interactive “teacher-student” platform, which is completely free of charge with verified materials. <br>
d.	The main part of our project will be the teaching-student platform, which is the personal account of the teacher, where they sets the assessment and feedback to the student, has their own schedule, uploads class materials, assessments, and homework tasks; the next part will be the student's page, which is a place where they can upload their completed work, his statistics on classes, time-schedule, and so on; the last part will be a common platform with a variety of topics on subjects; In addition, we will create a home page containing course information, video resources, and numerous online checklists. Furthermore, our platform will have live sessions in the form of live broadcasts from the teacher himself, as well as paired/group conferences. Regarding the design of our platform: first, we created a site layout on special online constructors to present the visual of the project, then we decided on the color palette (the selected palette is below Fig. 2), created the logo and the name of the platform "OquSpace" (Fig. 3), the location of the objects ( draft version of Fig. 4), the number of pages (approximately 5-10), live broadcasting is possible by adding links to video conferences. Moreover, we also care about the quality of the knowledge provided, so we will add only understandable and visually pleasing materials.
